[ADD] Time Off - Mandatory Days (#19143)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/hr/time_off/mandatory_days.rst

==============
Mandatory days
==============

> Some companies have special days where specific departments, or the entire staff, is required to be

Reviewer: consider changing subjects for verb agreement, i.e. "specific departments is" vs. "entire staff is"

e.g. both singular "a specific department"/"entire staff" _is_
OR both plural "specific departments"/"all staff" _are_

present. Time off is not allowed on those specific days.

> These types of days are called *mandatory days* in Odoo. These can be configured to be company-wide,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These types of days are called *mandatory days* in Odoo. Mandatory days can be configured to be company-wide,
```

> or department specific. When configured, employees in the specified department or company are unable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or department-specific. When configured, employees in the specified department or company are unable
```

to submit time off requests for these mandatory days.

Create mandatory days
=====================

> No mandatory days are configured in Odoo by default. To create a mandatory day, navigate to

Reviewer: > No mandatory days are configured in Odoo by default. 

this feels like context we might want to call out before diving into workflow -- consider moving to previous paragraph

> No mandatory days are configured in Odoo by default. To create a mandatory day, navigate to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
No mandatory days are configured in Odoo by default. To create mandatory days, navigate to
```

Reviewer: plural, because you can create a range with start/end dates

:menuselection:`Time Off app --> Configuration --> Mandatory Days`.

Click the :guilabel:`New` button in the top-left corner, and a blank line appears in the list.

Enter the following information on the new line:

- :guilabel:`Name`: Enter the name of the mandatory day.
- :guilabel:`Company`: This field is only visible in a multi-company database. The current company
  populates this field by default. Using the drop-down menu, select the company the mandatory day is

>   for.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Company`: This field is only visible in a multi-company database. The current company
  is selected by default. Use the drop-down menu to select the company the mandatory day is
  being configured for.
```

- :guilabel:`Departments`: This column is hidden by default. First, click the
  :icon:`oi-settings-adjust` :guilabel:`(additional options)` icon in the top-right corner, next to
  :guilabel:`Color`, and then click the checkbox next to :guilabel:`Departments` to reveal that

>   column.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Departments`: This column is hidden by default. To display it, click the
  :icon:`oi-settings-adjust` :guilabel:`(additional options)` icon in the top corner of the header row, next to
  :guilabel:`Color`, then tick the checkbox next to :guilabel:`Departments`.
```

>   Next, select the desired departments from the drop-down menu. Multiple departments can be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Use the drop-down menu to select the desired departments. Multiple departments can be
```

  selected; there is no limit to the amount of departments that can be added.

  If this field is left blank, the mandatory day applies to all departments (the entire company).
- :guilabel:`Job Position`: This column is hidden by default. First, click the
  :icon:`oi-settings-adjust` :guilabel:`(additional options)` icon in the top-right corner, next to
  :guilabel:`Color`, and then click the checkbox next to :guilabel:`Job Position` to reveal that

>   column.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Job Position`: This column is hidden by default. To display it, click the
  :icon:`oi-settings-adjust` :guilabel:`(additional options)` icon in the top corner of the header row, next to
  :guilabel:`Color`, then click the checkbox next to :guilabel:`Job Position`.
```

>   Next, select the desired job position from the drop-down menu. Multiple job positions can be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Use the drop-down menu to select the desired job position. Multiple job positions can be
```

  selected; there is no limit to the amount of job positions that can be added.

  If this field is left blank, the mandatory day applies to all employees.

> - :guilabel:`Start Date`: Using the calendar picker, select the date the mandatory day starts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Start Date`: Use the calendar picker to select the date the mandatory days start.
```

> - :guilabel:`End Date`: Using the calendar picker, select the date the mandatory day ends. If

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`End Date`: Use the calendar picker to select the date the mandatory days end. If
```

  creating a single mandatory day, the end date should be the same as the start date.
- :guilabel:`Color`: If desired, select a color from the available presented options. If no color is
  desired, select the `No color` option, represented by a white circle. The selected color appears

>   on the main **Time Off** app dashboard, in both the calendar and in the legend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Color`: Select a color from the available options, or select the `No color` option, represented by a white circle. The selected color appears
  on the main **Time Off** app dashboard, in both the calendar and in the legend.
```

.. image:: mandatory_days/mandatory.png

>    :alt: The Mandatory Days section with three configured days.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :alt: The Mandatory Days section with four date ranges configured.
```

company-wide, or department-specific. When configured, employees in the specified department or
company are unable to submit time off requests for these mandatory days.

.. important::
   No mandatory days are configured in Odoo by default.

Create mandatory days
=====================

To create mandatory days, navigate to :menuselection:`Time Off app --> Configuration --> Mandatory
Days`.

Click the :guilabel:`New` button in the top-left corner, and a blank line appears in the list.

Enter the following information on the new line:

- :guilabel:`Name`: Enter the name of the mandatory day.
- :guilabel:`Company`: This field is only visible in a multi-company database. The current company
  is selected by default. Use the drop-down menu to select the company the mandatory day is being
  configured for.
- :guilabel:`Departments`: This column is hidden by default. To display it, click the
  :icon:`oi-settings-adjust` :guilabel:`(additional options)` icon in the top corner of the header
  row, next to :guilabel:`Color`, then click the checkbox next to :guilabel:`Departments`.

  Use the drop-down menu to select the desired departments. Multiple departments can be selected;

>   there is no limit to the amount of departments that can be added.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  there is no limit to the number of departments that can be added.
```
Feel like this word works best here.

  If this field is left blank, the mandatory day applies to all departments (the entire company).

> - :guilabel:`Job Position`: This column is hidden by default.To display it, click the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Job Position`: This column is hidden by default. To display it, click the
```
Missing a space! :)

  :icon:`oi-settings-adjust` :guilabel:`(additional options)` icon in the top corner of the header
  row, next to :guilabel:`Color`, then click the checkbox next to :guilabel:`Job Position`.

  Use the drop-down menu to select the desired job position. Multiple job positions can be selected;

>   there is no limit to the amount of job positions that can be added.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  there is no limit to the number of job positions that can be added.
```
